---
layout: page
title: About
group: navigation
---
{% include JB/setup %}

## Introduction

Hi all. I have been told an introduction of myself will be appreciated, so
let's start, shall we?

My name is Daniel, which you probably already have guessed from looking around
on the page. Anyway, I am working on my PhD with a title close to
**Characterization of M dwarfs: the NIR approach** I will not tell too much
about the project now, since I hope a feature post can be about that. Anyway,
really short it is about determine some fundamental parameters for low mass
stars using spectroscopy in the Near InfraRed (NIR). So now you know.

## Where am I
Currently I am working in Porto, Portugal. A wonderful town, and if you ever
have the chance to visit Porto, you should.

I have not always been here (as my last name might suggest). Originally I am
from Denmark from town called Horsens. Here I lived until I was 18. I moved to
Aarhus, the second largest city in Denmark to take my degree at Aarhus
Universitet. The first 3 years I was enrolled in a physics degree with a
"minor" in astronomy. My final project was on RR Lyrae stars and the Blazhko
effect. After I continued with my master degree which I finished in 2013 on my
birthday (it was all planned). The title was **Age Determination of the Open
stellar Cluster NGC 7789 using the Detached Eclipsing Binary System V3785**.
Exactly one week later I took the plane to Porto to continue with my PhD.


## What can you expect?
I plan to use this page for blogging, so you can expect that. Then you might
want to know which kind of blogs? Well, I plan to write about mainly two
things, but more might come. 1) Astronomy (mostly related to my own work), and
2) programming. For the last point, I am not an expert, but I program daily.
This serve 2 mainly points: 1) hopefully help others with similar problems, and
2) give me a base where I can always find some smart pieces of work I have done
previously. Currently I plan to write a blog or two about the setup I use at my
computer daily.

The programming part will mainly be about `python`. Probably there will also be
some about `tmux + vim`.

Anyway, that is all for now folks. Stay tuned! :)

----

